[Music]
[Applause]
eight tips that might save your life one
day
statistics say we live in the commets of
times in the history of humanity however
the world is still a dangerous place for
instance do you know how to escape from
a sinking car it's not as easy as it
seemed today we're going to tell you
eight simple life hacks that will
enhance your security number eight keys
money and a charged phone these things
should always be on you when you're
going out no exceptions why is it
important you should always be able to
call for help or a ride back home
also your phone may become a means of
saving other people's lives you'll be
able to call the rescue service in an
emergency always keep your phone charged
number seven
apologize if you bump into someone even
if you're sure you're not to blame for
bumping into someone on the street say
sorry and keep going why is it important
you don't know who you ran into a person
you've touched may be carrying a weapon
or be drunk or high they may be
extremely angry or upset a simple
apology may save you so much more number
six always find at least three exits
wherever you go be it a concert a
railway station or even a school make
sure you see three exits it can be both
easy and hard scan the space with your
eyes so that even if there's only one
door you'll find at least three ways out
for example large french windows why is
it important if something bad happens it
will be too late to look for an exit
if you found and memorize them in
advance you'll be able to move towards
one of them almost without thinking
[Music]
number five play the find a bad guy game
a fun little game that can keep you safe
when there are many people around take a
good look at them
[Music]
who seems to be too nervous too angry or
too frightened why is it important our
intuition is rarely mistaken if someone
appears dangerous to you then they
probably are try to keep away from them
[Music]
number four on an airplane count the
rows to the emergency exit having taken
your seats count the rows from you to
the nearest emergency exit memorize the
number why is it important if there's
smoke the emergency lighting can be too
dim to guide you when you know for sure
the number of rows between your seat and
the exit you can move toward it counting
the headrest number three strengthen
your wrist
[Music]
if you've ever tried doing chin-ups you
know that your wrists get tired the
fastest do wrist exercises every day
with the help of hand grips why is it
important there are many potential
emergency situations where you may need
to hold on to a narrow ledge a strong
grip and trained wrist muscles will
allow you to stay safe for as long as it
might be needed number two raise your
head and go slowly people tend to
instinctively lower their head and
increase their pace when they sense
danger however you should do just the
contrary confidently raise your chin and
slow down why is it important when you
follow your first instinct you become
prey who or whatever is threatening you
slow down raise your head and look
sideways to see the danger with your
peripheral vision
[Music]
number one escaping from a sinking car
to get out of a sinking car you should
first unbuckle your seatbelt instead of
opening the door roll the window down if
you don't have your window open break
the glass
however don't even try breaking the
windshield it is made of extra strong
crash resistant triplex safety glass
many online shops offer special car
window braking tools and affordable
prices another option is to use some
heavy object with a pointed tip you
should always keep such an object handy
in your car this could be a hammer a
wrench a large screwdriver in the
absence of these you can use a removable
headrest strike at the glass the
headrests metal studs a stiletto heel or
your elbow you should aim your blows at
the corners of the window as the glass
is fragile there why is it important
there's only one minute to escape so
you'll only lose time trying to open the
door which will not budge because of the
water pressure
don't forget to hit the like button
below this video share it with others
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]